Add OIDC description into operational layer doc (#437)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/basics/giant-swarm-operational-layers/index.md

The Giant Swarm Control Plane consists mainly of services running inside the Control Plane Kubernetes cluster.

Control Plane Kubernetes API network access is allowed only thorugh Giant Swarm VPN and customer VPN.

> Giant Swarm SREs and operations personell have cluster admin access to the Control Plane Kubernetes API through a tunnel, which is again facilitated by SSO with MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giant Swarm SREs and operations personnel have cluster admin access to the Control Plane Kubernetes API through a tunnel, which is again facilitated by SSO with MFA.
```

> A customer has *tenant admin* and *view* access via OpenID Connect(OIDC), configured towards supported Identity Provider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer has *tenant admin* and *view* access via OpenID Connect (OIDC), configured towards the supported Identity Provider. 
```

#### Customer's Control Plane Kubernetes SSO authentication

> Every Control Plane Kubernetes has [dex](https://github.com/dexidp/dex) installed as OIDC issuer. Dex is configured with the selected by customer Identity Provider. List of supported providers can be found in the [dex github repository](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/connector).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The kubernetes API on every Control has [dex](https://github.com/dexidp/dex) installed as an OIDC issuer. Dex is configured with an Identity Provider chosen by the customer. A list of supported providers can be found in the [dex github repository](https://github.com/dexidp/dex/tree/master/connector).
```

> Alongside with *dex* installed [dex-k8s-authenticator](https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator) - OIDC client for JWT token retrieval automation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[dex-k8s-authenticator](https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator) is also installed, it is a web app that helps in the JWT token retrieval and kubectl configuration```

> [dex-k8s-authenticator](https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator) is also installed, it is a web app that helps in the JWT token retrieval and kubectl configuration```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[dex-k8s-authenticator](https://github.com/mintel/dex-k8s-authenticator) is also installed, it is a web app that helps in the JWT token retrieval and kubectl configuration
```

> #### Customer's Control Plane Kubernetes SSO authorization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Authorization
```

> With the *jwt* token, received from its Identity Provider, customer can two levels of access:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With a valid *jwt* token, received from your chosen Identity Provider, customers can have two levels of access:
```

  - *view* 

>     - *get*/*list*/*watch* access to all resources in Control Plane Kubernetes, except `configmaps` and `secrets`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - *get*/*list*/*watch* access to all resources in the Control Plane, except for `configmaps` and `secrets`. 
```

>     - *get*/*list*/*watch* access to all resources (including `configmaps` and `secrets`) in tenant cluster namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - *get*/*list*/*watch* access to all resources (including `configmaps` and `secrets`) in tenant cluster namespaces.
```
